together with her
St. Petersburg sports
on borrowed funds
but some phrases of the message
until now look here you will see how species
says some sing with the Chinese
viewers
such as reported on the Thai site
the audience at the maternity hospital in Chinese and
Russian and English and on
chinese language and languages
in general it seems to me that the rest of it
such international
phenomenon i am very happy in that sense very
like that
now it became very you know
good sense reliable beautiful
convincing bridge between Russia and
China
outwardly it seems we need to be closer friend
to a friend
I say this in Russia and China if we are
a month and all the rest rest
samples and made a lot of talk a lot
make a media salary is always a supporter
first do because talk
so you let the concert look
prosaic emotions people's attitude
perception of people and you can not imagine
Yesterday you move nanny what happened when
either touched the tibetan plateau and eliza he became
just and with it is the tibetan plateau
started beating parked
building
good kind here are such goosebumps
ran from understanding that Victor s ooo it
really for today
social phenomenon
when there is a culture that is here in
guangzhou
she is dedicated to a visa worth therapy and here
all major tour known now
view the hall and are comparable to
olympic i'm proud i'm happy because
Chinese but there is a Chinese tour
the audience unlike for example Russian
no offense to this will be told to the viewer very much
neat their predilections more
no choice than their passions and this
that he deserves the honor of Kiev
are able to achieve order to cancel
recognition in this culture this year
this people who in their culture and
CSKA they all treat with great
Yours is a great honor for us